Licenses for IoT Connectivity Working Group of Open Manufacturing Platform

The following describes the licenses for various materials in this repository.
For specific details, see the Working Group's Charter, which is available at:
https://open-manufacturing.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/101/2021/06/OMP-WG-IOT-Connectivity-V-4.0.1-3.3.20-.pdf

Source code in this repository is provided under the MIT License, a copy of
which is included below.

Materials in this repository other than source code are provided as follows:

Copyright (c) 2020-2021 Joint Development Foundation Projects, LLC, OMP Series and
its contributors. All rights reserved. THESE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." The
owners and contributors expressly disclaim any warranties (express, implied, or
otherwise), including implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement,
fitness for a particular purpose, or title, related to the materials. The entire
risk as to implementing or otherwise using the materials is assumed by the
implementer and user. IN NO EVENT WILL THE OWNERS AND CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO
ANY OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND
WITH RESPECT TO THIS DELIVERABLE OR ITS GOVERNING AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON
BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR
NOT THE OTHER MEMBER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The patent mode selected for materials developed by this Working Group (other
than source code) is RAND Royalty-Free Mode.

= = = = =

MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2021 Joint Development Foundation Projects, LLC, OMP Series and
its contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.