[< Chapter 5.3: Implementation - Cloud Level](05c_Implementation_CloudLevel.md)

## 5 Implementation
### 5.4	The interface between Production Asset and Edge Levels
The interface between production assets and edge level compute resources is usually a proprietary and vendor-specific implementation, dependent upon pre-existing installations and pre-programmed interactions. While some solutions are greenfield installations, this is not the predominant case for most manufacturers. Compute resources are generally limited on either side, and communication is optimized for efficiency and maintenance of the production line. These factors mean any connectivity solution must be built within the context of the existing assets and limitations. Telemetry data is passed up to the edge level while command and managerial data is transferred back-and-forth to manage the operations and maintenance of the production level assets.

Due to the reasons given in a previous section, an OPC UA client/server is often the first choice for communication at this interface level. An edge device, via an OPC UA client interface, consumes the OT asset providing an OPC UA server interface. To pass telemetry data, the client can browse, read, and subscribe to OPC UA nodes and call OPC UA methods to obtain and transfer data. For commands, the edge device can also communicate with OT assets to perform functions such as browsing and writing OPC UA nodes and utilizing methods to make changes.

In many brownfield installations, both OPC UA and MQTT are not available, or it is not practical to upgrade the communication technology. In this case, adapters are needed to convert formats between proprietary protocols and promote standardization and interoperability. Adapters can be installed directly on the OT machines, and thus their presence and function are largely invisible to the rest of the system. This setup requires coordination between the asset vendor and the chosen target protocol. The adapter could also be installed on an IPC at an intermediate level between the production asset and edge layer, or it could be obtained through a marketplace and installed on the edge layer. Each setup requires different amounts of coordination with the asset manufacturer and forethought. Still, they all result in standardization and adherence to the OMP principle of interoperability beyond the edge level.

[Chapter 5.5: Implementation - Interface btw. Edge & Cloud >](05e_Implementation_InterfaceEdgeCloud.md)
